v1.8 cleanup (#7521)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/core/connect-data-platform/watsonx-spark-setup.md

- [Documentation for IBM watsonx.data software](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/watsonx/watsonxdata/2.1.x?topic=integration-data-build-tool-adapter-spark)

## Installing dbt-watsonx-spark

> Note: Installing an adapter no longer installs '<Constant name="core" />' automatically. This is because adapters and <Constant name="core" /> versions are decoupled to avoid overwriting <Constant name="core" /> installations.Use the following command for installation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Installing an adapter doesn't install '<Constant name="core" />' automatically. This is because adapters and <Constant name="core" /> versions are decoupled to avoid overwriting <Constant name="core" /> installations. Use the following command for installation:
```
